All right welcome back.
I really really am really proud of you for made it to Section 5.
This is only believable right.
I got a lot of lectures even if you made it to Section 5 you have learned a lot and if you haven't contact
me as soon as possible we need to talk or write.
But anyway let's go ahead and let's do Section 5.
We're going to go here to break the gap and find out BHB is the page.
So what he's asking for us to do all right we got to use a previous math function.
Do anything here here.
Equity.
We're going to actually look at that.
Is going to echo and we use a shrink function.
Here we go.
And we use a previous array function equipt.
Pretty cool right.
You learn about pre-build functions.
Go ahead and use that.
And if you need to go back to the lecture go ahead and do that before you come here write positivity
and go ahead and do it.
All right.
So if you post a video if you have not don't cheat or write but if you have positive vitriol then you're
able to do this or not but I'm going to help you out just in case you have not but this is going to
be really simple.
The first one is going to be a math function.
Let's just do a neck on the.
How about that.
Let's just use a rand function to say you know what I want you to give me a random number from 1 to
1000.
How about do you remember that function right.
All right.
So we're going to come here to the practice five and we've got some if we keep refreshing we keep getting
different numbers.
Oh we got one look at that.
That's odd press here.
Look at the different numbers every time I refresh.
Right so we got the math part done.
That was easier right.
Let's use a string function.
All right so the string.
What can we do with strings.
All right so let's create a variable with a string because I could do that.
I could do this in the Echo if I wanted to but I want you to see it like this.
And let's just create some random strings see I'm going to type so fast you never seen this before.
Look there wasn't that fast.
That's how I usually type I'm just typing slow for you guys.
Seriously.
Well ladies every time I say guys I mean ladies are right so and guys of course.
Let's do a new variable here called value length.
This is just going to be the length here.
Hopefully I'm typing this right.
But anyway doesn't really matter.
Just a variable is going to hold the function as you are Len L..
Well as to your L E.
And remember it's a function so we have the parentheses and then semi-colon.
And what do we need to put here what do we need to find out the lento why this string right.
So that's why we use a variable is a lot easier than typing this whole thing and putting this whole
thing in there right.
And it's cleaner too.
So we're going to do that and then we're holding this in a variable here because that way we can do
all the things with it right.
Super simple to do that.
Right.
And I'm just going to echo this.
I like to separate it here so you can see what I'm doing.
And then just put a B or attack here.
Actually I should put a B tag here.
But that's fine.
You will be able to see it there let's just put something here.
I wish BHP would do this automatically for me but I guess it doesn't do it.
You know like a B or Taggert.
But anyway.
And I will put a the artwork for the next one here just in case.
Let's equity's value.
And as you can see here we have value 26 characters in here.
So if I start counting I'm going to get to 26 or if I put one more saving and come back here refresh
We've got 27 and this is changing automatically.
That's awesome right.
So then that's one pre-build array function.
Ooh this is going to be a hard one right.
On every function.
How in the world am I going to do that.
All right.
Come on guys.
Talking to the expert here.
So let's go ahead and do a raise.
So what I want to do is how I'm going to use an RE function called in array we're going to find something
inside an array.
I don't know if I did that on the lecture I probably did but we're going to set here a variable that
I want to find as a matter of fact you know why
I'm feeling creative.
You know what we are going to insert this string of full of characters inside and out our array.
I said it correctly there.
All right so all we have to do now is just create an array called I Don't Know What do you want to create
called these are the numbers or values.
This is named values.
Now be creative to the right.
All right.
And this just create this create a new array while creating old ones.
Skree this one.
And we're going to put some values in here.
I'm going to pull some strings and some numbers and some more strains and some more numbers and here
I am going to put this string variable here.
I just want to show you that an array takes anything anything.
All right so now that we made a r r r r we now we need to use the function to find out if we found something
right.
So how do we do this.
All right so we first use the in array function.
You see my code is already highlighting this pretty cool right.
And then what do we want to find.
Well the first thing that we need to do is actually tell it what we are finding right.
So what is it that we're finding we're finding a string right here.
That's why we need to find string.
Or we could have done it from here.
Really the matter.
And then next thing is where we are going to be finding this.
We're going to be finding the values are very perfect.
So now this function has that it found this somewhere right.
We found it.
So how are we going to be using this to display it.
All right.
So first of all we are going to be you know what.
I'm just going to make a variable your code name.
Right.
And look what I'm going to use because I want you to be creative like this.
And I if found remember that this the if statement would bring me true or false this will bring me true
or false.
So if true then I'm going to echo something Aure.
So if we find it then we're going to say wow wow wow we did it together.
That sounded cheesy there.
Sorry guys we did it together.
Said it too fast.
All right else.
All right.
We say something like we messed up.
We missed it.
Could not find it.
I get into character guy.
Sorry.
Can now find.
There we go.
All right.
I think we're good here we don't get any BHB errors here and we're going to be tagged there so let's
see that refresh.
Oh wow.
We found it.
Let's see if for some reason we don't find this so what do we do.
Right.
If we if it doesn't find its value let's take it out.
Let's take out these value and see what happens.
Whoops.
Stick it out.
Refresh.
We messed up.
We could not find mystery cannot find it.
We go refresh.
We metho we cannot find it.
So hopefully this lecture here will gave you some really good idea on what you can do.
All right.
Now you can you know be a little creative and use some of the things that I showed you already.
And you know improvise.
But anyway thank you so much for watching this and I'll see you in the next section.
Take care.